Add `deny(broken_intra_doc_links)` (#981)
tokio-rs/tracing: CONTRIBUTING.md

be viewed by clicking the `details` link on the
`netlify/tracing-rs/deploy-preview check` on all pull requests.

### Building Documentation

> If you want to build docs locally, you should do like this.

Reviewer: It would be nice to explain briefly why this is necessary rather than just running `cargo doc`

be viewed by clicking the `details` link on the
`netlify/tracing-rs/deploy-preview check` on all pull requests.

### Building Documentation

> Since we use nightly-only features and lints like `doc(cfg)` and `broken_intra_doc_lints`,
> you should do like this to build docs locally.

Reviewer: how about something like this?
```suggestion
Tracing's documentation uses nightly-only RustDoc features and lints, like
`doc(cfg)` and `broken_intra_doc_lints`. These features are enabled by 
passing `--cfg docsrs` to RustDoc. Therefore, in order to build Tracing's
documentation the same way it would be built by docs.rs, it's necessary to
use the following command:
```

Author: Thank you. I've accepted your suggestion!
